Introduction to Safety on Twitch

Community is the heart of Twitch. From individual communities, built by streamers and their viewers, to the Twitch Community at large, the magic of Twitch comes from enjoying the things we love together. But before you can do what you do best, a very important prerequisite must be met: safety. 

Safety is the foundation beneath streamers, moderators, and everyone in chat. We want to foster a community that supports and sustains streamers’ ability to express themselves, and provides a welcoming and entertaining environment for viewers, free of illegal, harmful, and negative interactions. As a result, we take a layered approach to safety — one that combines the efforts of both Twitch and members of the community, working together globally to promote safety in real time. It starts with our Community Guidelines, which seek to balance user expression with community safety, and set expectations for the behavior that everyone on Twitch is expected to demonstrate. When we talk about harm, we mean actions that lead to physical, emotional, social or financial damage or loss to our users or to society. 

These guidelines set the guardrails for what behavior is and is not allowed on our service, and apply to all content on our service, including video, chat, whispers, and accounts. When we find someone has violated our Community Guidelines we take actions that can include removal of content, a warning, and/or suspension of their account. We consider our Community Guidelines to be a living document, and we work with streamers, mods, and external safety and policy experts to review and update them regularly.

In addition to these guidelines, streamers and moderators can also use customizable Twitch safety tools to tailor their channel standards to meet their needs. Viewers, moderators, and streamers play a crucial role by reporting content or behavior that breaks our Community Guidelines. Reports are reviewed by our global Safety Operations team who work 24/7/365 to ensure a swift response. In this way, we all work together to promote a safe and welcoming live environment.

Safety
Self-Destructive Behavior

Harming yourself, or discussing self-harm recklessly, can be dangerous for not only yourself but for viewers and those around you. We understand that streamers and viewers should be able to discuss sensitive topics related to self-harm or mental health, and we want Twitch to remain a safe space to do so. Anyone should be able to talk about their struggles, if they so choose. However, Twitch does not allow content that glorifies, promotes, or encourages self-harm. We also prohibit activity that may endanger your life, lead to your physical harm, or encourage others to engage in physically harmful behavior. We do not make exceptions for self-destructive behavior performed as a stunt or gag made in jest, or meant to entertain, when the behavior could reasonably be expected to cause physical injury.

    
If you feel like you’re struggling, or you know someone who you believe might hurt themselves or others, or if someone is at immediate risk of suicide, please contact a professional with the resources and expertise for urgent support, such as a mental health hotline or local law enforcement.

Violence and Threats

Acts and threats of violence are counterproductive to promoting a safe, inclusive, and friendly community. Violence on Twitch is taken seriously and is considered a zero-tolerance violation, and all accounts associated with such activities on Twitch will be indefinitely suspended.

In situations where a user has lost control of their broadcast due to severe injury, medical emergency, police action, or being targeted with serious violence, we will temporarily remove the channel and associated content.

In exceptional circumstances, we may preemptively suspend accounts when we believe an individual’s use of Twitch poses a high likelihood of inciting violence. In weighing the risk of harm, we consider an individual’s influence, the level of recklessness in their past behaviors (on Twitch or elsewhere), whether or not there continues to be a risk of harm, and the scale of ongoing threats.

Content or activities that threaten or promote sexual violence or exploitation are strictly prohibited and may be reported to law enforcement. See Adult Sexual Violence and Exploitation for more detail.

Terrorism and Violent Extremism

Terrorism and violent extremism promote unlawful violence and spread messages of intolerance. Twitch does not allow content that depicts, glorifies, encourages, or supports terrorism, or violent extremist actors or acts. This includes threatening to or encouraging others to commit acts that would result in serious physical harm or significant property destruction. 

Adult Sexual Violence and Exploitation

Acts of sexual violence and exploitation are serious offenses. Content or activities that promote or threaten sexual violence or exploitation may be reported to law enforcement. Sexual violence and exploitation are not tolerated on Twitch and will result in immediate suspension of your account.

Youth Safety

Twitch prohibits any content or activity that endangers youth. This includes content that features or promotes child sexual abuse material (CSAM), and the sexual exploitation, sexual misconduct or grooming of youth (which is defined by this policy as minors under 18). We report all illegal content or activity to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, which works with global law enforcement agencies around the world, and the consequence for engaging in such activity or with such content is immediate and indefinite suspension.

Off-Service Conduct

For streamers and their viewers to build vibrant and dynamic communities, everyone must feel secure and protected. We believe that some off-service offenses committed by Twitch users can create a substantial safety risk to the Twitch community. As a result, Twitch enforces against certain severe offenses that occur off Twitch when committed by members of the Twitch community, up to an indefinite suspension on the first offense for some behaviors.

Users can contact the Twitch Off-Service Investigations Team to report cases of any abhorrent and impactful off-service abuses listed above. These reports go directly to our global team responsible for investigating allegations of severe off-service offenses, and are handled with complete confidentiality.

Evidence for Off-Service reports

Because we have less context for behaviors that occur off Twitch, we require that evidence of these activities is verifiable before we will take action. This includes content directly uploaded by the violating user or direct reports from victims themselves sent to our Off-Service Investigations team with appropriate evidence. Screenshots and other content from groups not directly involved that may be edited, doctored, or falsified are generally not considered to be sufficient unless they are supported by other verifiable evidence that is accurate and not misrepresented or confirmed by our third party investigator as authentic. Additionally, we will consider law enforcement action(s) as an input when assessing the credibility of accusations and evidence.

  Off-Service FAQ

Will on-service reports sent to the Off-Service Investigations Team receive preferential review?

No.  Please only submit reports that relate to the off-service severe offenses listed above and meet our criteria of having direct and verifiable evidence. This helps our investigations team prioritize and more efficiently action your valid reports, which we know can be particularly urgent given the severe harms they address. We will not action any report submitted for behavior that is on-service, unrelated to the criteria above, or is not verifiable.

Does the victim or accused have to be a Twitch community member?

No. We believe those who have engaged in the severe offenses listed above are more likely to violate our Community Guidelines on Twitch, or to create overt safety risks for our communities. Therefore, we will apply these standards even if the target of these behaviors is not a Twitch user, or if the party engaging in abuse was not a Twitch user at the time they committed a severe offense. People who engage in these forms of severe abuse off-service are also prohibited from subsequently registering Twitch accounts and attempting to do so will lead to the account’s termination.

How does Twitch verify off-service behavior?

Twitch leverages third-party legal experts to assist in investigating severe offenses that occur outside of the Twitch services when needed. 

What are the limitations of acting on off-service behavior?

Twitch has established this policy primarily to protect the safety of our users. Because of this, persons who have carried out severe offenses and create a safety risk will be prohibited from using our services. However, in cases where these behaviors have occurred in the distant past, users have gone through a trusted rehabilitation process, such as legally mandated time served in a correctional facility, and our investigative process determines that there is no evidence to suggest that the user would cause any clear and present danger to the community, we may decline to take action against a user or we may unsuspend their account based on an appeal. For particularly egregious offenses that present a physical safety risk to the community, these suspensions will not be eligible for appeal, no matter how much time has elapsed.

Twitch will not actively monitor other websites or services for violations of our Community Guidelines, nor will we be acting on off-Twitch content created prior to March 5, 2018.

Why is Twitch moderating off-Twitch conduct?

We recognize that toxicity and abuse can spread to Twitch from outside our service. Our desire to moderate verifiable off-Twitch behavior stems from our belief that ignoring conduct when we are able to verify that the behavior is true and attribute it to a Twitch account compromises one of our most important goals: that every Twitch user who participates in good faith can bring their authentic self to the Twitch community without fear of harm or harassment.

How does off-Twitch conduct influence on-service decisions?

To mitigate this harm and in addition to our Hateful Conduct & Harassment Policy, we will take reported off-service context into account when evaluating violations of any of our policies that occur on Twitch. If we are able to verify reports of off-service statements or behaviors that relate to an incident on Twitch, we will use this evidence to support and inform our enforcement decisions. If the off-service behavior does not involve an incident on Twitch, we may not investigate unless it is one of the severe offenses listed above. 

Unauthorized Sharing of Private Information

Sharing someone else’s sensitive data without their permission can be both a distressing and potentially dangerous experience. Therefore, Twitch doesn’t allow users to reveal personal information of others on our service.

Civility and Respect
Hateful Conduct

Twitch aims to be a place where everyone can come together in shared, community experiences. This vision is threatened when people experience harmful rhetoric and abuse on Twitch. Twitch does not permit behavior that is motivated by hatred, prejudice or intolerance, including behavior that promotes or encourages discrimination, denigration, harassment, or violence based on the following protected characteristics: race, ethnicity, color, caste, national origin, immigration status, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, serious medical condition, and veteran status. We also provide certain protections for age, which are expressly noted in the examples. 

We define 'protected groups' as a subset of the population with a shared protected characteristic. Every Twitch user falls into multiple of these protected groups. Twitch affords every user globally equal protections under this policy.

Harassment

Harassment deters the growth of vibrant and diverse communities, prevents people from feeling safe on Twitch, and creates a gateway for more severe forms of harm and abuse. People experience harassment in different ways, including personal attacks, promotion of physical harm, and malicious brigading. Engaging in harassment will result in enforcement action taken against the relevant accounts.

Please keep in mind, we expect streamers to take the necessary steps to mitigate harassing content that appears on their stream or in their chat. We will not suspend broadcasters that we find to be acting in good-faith (including by using tools such as AutoMod, timeouts, and channel bans) to remove abuse appearing from third parties and external sources.

Sexual Harassment

Sexual harassment is never acceptable, regardless of whether these comments are directed towards others on or off our services. Sexual harassment makes users feel uncomfortable, unsafe, and deters them from participating. We do not allow unwelcome sexual advances and solicitations, sexual objectification, or degrading attacks relating to a person’s perceived sexual practices, regardless of their gender.



What is the line between hateful conduct and harassment?

Harassment becomes hateful conduct when the behavior is targeted at an individual(s) on the basis of protected characteristic(s). As Twitch does not tolerate any abuse that is motivated by hatred, prejudice or intolerance, the penalty for such behavior is more severe. Instances of Hateful Conduct will always lead to enforcement action, even if the report is submitted by a 3rd-party that wasn’t targeted by this behavior.

Am I required to communicate to another user that I feel harassed by their behavior in order for my report to be considered valid?

No, you may decide that some forms of harassment are severe enough to warrant reporting without first communicating to the other user that they are unwanted. You may choose to communicate that this conduct is unwanted, but we strongly recommend that you do so only if you feel that it is safe and appropriate. If the unwanted behavior persists, we recommend you report the user and consider other options to manage the situation such as blocking the user’s account(s) or banning them from chat. For more information on managing abuse directed towards you, see our guide on How to Manage Harassment in Chat. 

How can I indicate that a behavior is unwanted?

We take context into account when determining whether a violation of our policies has occurred, and this extends to determining whether a behavior against another user is unwanted. You can indicate to others that a behavior is unwanted in several ways, including issuing a channel moderation action (e.g., you or your mod issue a timeout, channel ban, or message deletion) against the individual, or otherwise clearly denouncing the behavior. In addition to reports submitted directly by the target of a behavior, Twitch will also take these indications into account when evaluating reports of harassment and sexual harassment.

I enjoy friendly banter and trash talk. How can I make it clear that I don’t intend to harass anyone?

Be cognizant of others—some people only recognize or enjoy banter when they have an established relationship with the other person. If someone asks you to stop or indicates that your conduct is unwanted, such as through a channel timeout, continuing to target them after that point will be seen as a deliberate attempt to harass. If a discussion becomes heated and goes beyond friendly banter, consider removing yourself from the conversation to prevent the situation from escalating further. Additionally, some topics are generally not viewed as acceptable banter by the community, such as sending sexual solicitations or encouraging others to harm themselves. You should not engage in these behaviors, and doing so will jeopardize your Twitch account. 

Can I be suspended for sexually suggestive conversations even if I do not intend to harass anyone?

Our guidelines on sexual harassment do not apply in conversations where there is clear, mutual consent. However, even if both parties clearly have an established relationship, we will issue an enforcement if we obtain any indication from the target that sexually harassing statements made on Twitch are unwanted, or if mutual consent is not explicitly clear. A person’s physical appearance or attire is not an indication of solicitation or consent. Additionally, please note that sexual commentary that is graphic or extended, even if not in violation of our sexual harassment policy, is still subject to our sexually suggestive content policy.

Can I be suspended for hateful or harassing content that viewers put on my stream?

You are responsible for ensuring that content that appears on your stream abides by our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines. If harassing or hateful content does appear on your stream, we expect that you take the necessary steps to mitigate this behavior and keep it from happening again. We will not suspend broadcasters that we find to be acting in good-faith to remove abuse appearing from third parties and external sources, such as by using AutoMod, timeouts, and channel bans. Conversely, we encourage you to report users who attempt to put hateful or harassing content on your channel, as this will lead to a suspension of their Twitch account(s).

Are streamers responsible for all hateful content in their channel? 

Streamers are role models and leaders of the communities they create or foster around them. Streamers are expected to use channel moderators and the tools we provide, such as AutoMod , chat timeouts and bans, to mitigate hateful conduct in their channel. Not using the provided tools to moderate hateful conduct appearing on a channel—or otherwise attempting to mitigate the behavior/content—will lead to a suspension. 

What slurs are considered violating?

We do not make our list of prohibited slurs public so as not to enable or facilitate evasion of this policy. We take context into account when evaluating whether use of a slur violates our policies.

How does Twitch handle humor and satire?

We do not tolerate hateful or harassing behavior, or conduct that encourages or incites hate or harassment in any way. However, we allow users to discuss content that is hateful or harassing for the purposes of satire or education, as long as this context is clear. Satirical content is acceptable if it uses elements such as irony, exaggeration, or ridicule to expose and critique abusive behaviors. Attempting to promote hateful viewpoints under the guise of education or comedy will lead to suspension of your account. Additionally, exceptions to these standards are made when sharing content from rated movies/TV or developer-generated content in non-prohibited video games in a way that is not directly discriminating or denigrating. 

Are all hateful violations treated equally?

We will take action on all instances of hateful conduct and harassment, with an increasing severity of enforcement when the behavior is targeted, personal, graphic, or repeated/prolonged, incites further abuse, or involves threats of violence or coercion. The most egregious violations may result in an indefinite suspension on the first offense. 

How should I handle cases of potential criminal misconduct?

We encourage users to submit reports against harassment or hateful conduct directed towards themselves. If you feel that this abuse rises to a legal claim or to a crime, however, we encourage you to also seek help from an attorney or your local law enforcement. If someone else’s behavior has made you fear for your own safety or that of your immediate family, we encourage you to report this to your local law enforcement immediately. When contacted by law enforcement through the appropriate legal process, Twitch will provide the relevant information, as laid out in our Terms of Service. 

Illegal Activity
Breaking the Law

For the safety of our community, we require users to respect all applicable local, national, and international laws while using our services. Any content or activity featuring, encouraging, offering, or soliciting illegal activity is prohibited and may be reported to law enforcement.

Intellectual Property Rights

In order to protect the intellectual property rights of others and comply with intellectual property laws, we do not allow users to share content on their Twitch channel that they do not own or otherwise have rights to share. 

Sensitive Content
Extreme Violence, Gore, and Other Obscene Conduct

Although we allow a variety of content to be shown on Twitch, content that features extreme violence or gore may be disturbing and distressing, especially if there is death, mutilation, or blood. Content that exclusively focuses on extreme or gratuitous gore and violence is prohibited. Additionally, websites that heavily feature adult content such as sexually explicit content, illegal content, or death and gore are prohibited.

Sexually Explicit Content and Sexual Services

To maintain the health of our community, users are prohibited from broadcasting, uploading, soliciting, offering, and linking to pornographic or sexually explicit content, and from offering or soliciting any sexual content in exchange for money, services, or items of value.

Sexually Suggestive Content

To ensure content on Twitch is appropriate for diverse audiences, sexually suggestive content is prohibited on Twitch. Evaluations on the sexual suggestiveness of a behavior or activity are independent of user attire and are instead based on the overall surrounding framing and context. 

Sexually Suggestive Content FAQ

I accidentally showed content that was sexually explicit. Will my account be suspended?

As owner of your account, it’s entirely your responsibility to ensure that anything shared on your account abides by Twitch’s Terms of Service (ToS) and Community Guidelines (CG). If you are unsure if a link, photo, video, or other content in your broadcast breaks these, we suggest that you review it privately before airing it on your broadcast. Content that breaks ToS or CG, whether shown accidentally or on purpose, can be reported and moderation may take appropriate action on that content, including removing the content and issuing a suspension on your account. Given the nature of live content, we expect you to take proper precautions; even one incident may warrant action.

If viewers mass report my channel for sexual content, can I be suspended even if I did nothing wrong?

No, frivolous report brigading will never result in a channel being suspended. All of our sexual content enforcements are manually reviewed and issued. If you feel that a suspension has been issued in error, you may file an appeal, the instructions for which can be found on our Account Enforcements help article . All Community Guidelines suspension notifications also contain a link to this article.

Are there restrictions against nudity and sexual content in emotes, badges, and cheermotes?

In addition to Twitch’s Terms of Service and Community Guidelines, all subscriber emotes are subject to the policies detailed in the Subscriber Emoticon Guide. Because subscriber emoticons are available for use globally across Twitch and highly visible outside of their original channels, our emoticon guidelines may be more restrictive than our general Community Guidelines in some instances. Please refer to the Emote Guidelines section to review emote-specific standards for sexual content. 

How does Twitch handle nudity in gaming? 

Games featuring nudity, pornography, sex, or sexual violence as a core focus or feature are entirely prohibited. Custom gameplay or visual modifications that include nudity or sex content, including uncensored patches, in otherwise allowed games are prohibited. Learn more about prohibited games.

Focusing your broadcast around sexual content or in-game nudity in an otherwise allowed game will result in enforcement action against your Twitch account. When interacting with in-game nudity or sexual content in a permitted game, such as ‘The Witcher,’ users may only spend as much time as is required to progress. In addition, users may not engage in simulated sexual activity or erotic roleplay with other players in online games. Games that primarily consist of user-generated content, in-game roleplay, or interactions in virtual reality are not exempt from this policy.

Adult Nudity

Users are prohibited from broadcasting or uploading content that contains depictions of real nudity. Incomplete censoring, such as pixelization, mosaics, and blurring effects, do not constitute an exemption to this policy. 

Attire

In order to set consistent standards that allow creators to express themselves without exposing our community to inappropriate content, we have an attire policy, with detailed examples below. We aim to be transparent around our standards and expectations to empower creative expression and boost creators’ confidence with a clear understanding of our guidelines. 

The list of contextual exceptions, outlined below, is not exhaustive. If you find yourself in a situation that is not described by an exception, then we expect you to follow the standard guidelines.

We don’t permit streamers to be fully or partially nude, including exposing genitals or buttocks. We do not permit the visible outline of genitals, even when covered. Broadcasting nude or partially nude minors is always prohibited, regardless of context.

For those who present as women, we ask that you cover your nipples. We do not permit exposed underbust. Cleavage is unrestricted as long as these coverage requirements are met. 

For all streamers, you must cover the area extending from your hips to the bottom of your pelvis and buttocks. 

For those areas of the body where coverage is required, the coverage must be fully opaque; sheer or partially see-through clothing does not constitute coverage.

Augmented reality avatars that translate real-life movement into digital characters are subject to this standard, as is cosplay and other costumes. For details on how this policy applies to IRL, outdoors, and body art, please continue reading. 

IRL streaming

Broadcasters, their co-hosts, and invited guests engaging in general IRL streaming outside the home must follow standard body-coverage expectations. Those passing through the background of your stream are not held to the same dress code requirement, but broadcasting nudity is not permitted regardless of context. If accidental nudity appears on your stream, we expect you to take immediate action, remove the content, and take precautionary steps so it won’t happen again. You should not focus your stream on anyone violating our clothing or sexual content standards; you will be held accountable for doing so to the same extent as if you were violating the standards yourself. 

Swim and beaches, concerts and festivals

Swimwear is permitted as long as it completely covers the genitals, and those who present as women must also cover their nipples. Full coverage of buttocks is not required, but camera focus around them is still subject to our sexually suggestive content policy. Coverage must be fully opaque, even when wet. Sheer or partially see-through swimwear or other clothing does not constitute coverage.

Body Art

For streams dedicated to body art, full chest coverage is not required, but those who present as women must completely cover their nipples & areola with a layer of non-transparent clothing or a paint & latex combination (artist-grade pasties, tape, latex or similar alternatives are acceptable). This coverage must be applied before streaming begins, not on-stream. Buttocks and genitals must also be fully covered by opaque attire. This exception to the general coverage requirements only applies while the streamer is actively engaged in body painting, though the streamer may take short breaks between active painting sessions, or when painting is complete to model the results.

Context transitions

Streamers are given some leeway for making transitions between contexts with different limits of acceptable attire (e.g., beach to general outdoor IRL streaming). In these situations, streamers are expected to only spend as much time wearing insufficient attire as needed to add clothing or change offscreen into clothing with appropriate coverage for the new context.

Additional exceptions

The standard chest coverage requirements outlined above do not apply to individuals actively breastfeeding a child on stream. 

What clothing is appropriate for my stream?

Given the variety of content and activities creators engage in, an explicit dress code would be unreasonably restrictive. Streaming is a public activity that reaches a global audience of many ages and cultures, and as such we prohibit nudity and sexual conduct. When evaluating reports for sexual conduct, attire is just one factor we will use in making a determination on whether conduct is acceptable.

We recommend streamers wear attire that would be publicly appropriate for the context, location, and activity they are broadcasting. For example, workout clothes would be appropriate for a fitness stream and a swimsuit would be appropriate for a stream from a public beach.

Why aren’t there specific rules about what clothing is and isn’t allowed on Twitch?

As Twitch continues to expand the variety of content we feature, so comes the need for updating the range of attire that is acceptable. For example, something that is acceptable for a broadcast at the beach or the gym may not be acceptable for a cooking or gameplay broadcast. In an effort to help streamers abide by our Community Guidelines in the same way they would expectations of behavior in the real world, we’ve updated our policies to reflect that we will consider not just the attire itself, but also the contextual setting in which it is worn and the intent of the person wearing it, when moderating content. Please remember that sexually explicit or suggestive content, such as nudity exposing or focusing on genitals, buttocks, or nipples, and attire intended to be sexually suggestive are prohibited

Account Usernames and Display Names

In order to ensure that our community is safe and inclusive, inappropriate account names that violate our Community Guidelines are prohibited. We also recognize that an account’s username has more impact across our services than many other forms of content because they are persistent, cross-functional, and, in most cases, much more visible. Because of this, we have additional, higher standards for usernames based on reducing harm across our services.

What is a username reset and how does it differ from an account suspension?

Username and display name resets force you to change your name but do not result in your account being suspended. If your username is reset through an enforcement action, you will receive an email notification asking you to choose a new username and/or display name. Until you follow these steps and rename your account, you will be unable to access your account on Twitch. Once you have renamed your account, you will be able to use Twitch as normal, and your account history (aside from the offending username) will be preserved.

Why does Twitch enforce against some content in usernames that would not be considered Community Guidelines violations in other types of content?

These additional standards are often tied to values that exist in our Community Guidelines, but there are contextual differences in usernames and display names compared to other types of content that change how we approach enforcement. We call out above that usernames are more visible, persistent, and cross-functional than most other types of content on Twitch. Usernames are often the most discoverable part of an account, and they contain very little context at a glance. In some instances, usernames may also be representative of the content or focus of a channel’s activity. As an example of how these differences in standards are applied, while we prohibit pornography on Twitch, using the word ‘pornography’ in chat would not result in an account suspension. However, a username that contained the term ‘pornography’ would be enforced as a violation of this policy with a reset.

If Twitch has the ability to reset account usernames, why suspend some accounts indefinitely?

Our suspension data indicates that the vast majority of users who create names that would result in indefinite suspensions create many such accounts, and are often involved in malicious raiding, brigading, and harassment campaigns. Because these individuals harm and spread toxicity within the Twitch community, we indefinitely suspend them immediately in order to mitigate this abuse, as well as remove the username. As with all account enforcements, if you have been suspended under this policy and believe that there has been a mistake or error, you may submit a suspension appeal (instructions can be found here).

If usernames can be such a large issue, what is Twitch doing to proactively monitor them at account sign-up?

We do have systems in place to proactively monitor usernames at account sign-up and automatically deny names that appear to violate our policies. However, malicious individuals often leverage a number of tactics to try and confuse these systems. While our automated detection catches a significant amount of this abuse, we also leverage account suspensions and resets to deal with names that do manage to evade or pre-date our filtering system.

Prohibited Games

In order to ensure that the content broadcast on Twitch abides by our Community Guidelines and is appropriate for a diverse audience, we prohibit games that contain developer-generated content that is clearly violative, as well as social platform games frequently used for unmitigated abuse. Broadcasting or showcasing content from these games will lead to enforcement action against your account. 

Using the mature content flag, setting the broadcast or VOD to a different title, setting the stream to subscribers only, or categorizing the stream under ‘Not Playing’ does not constitute an exemption from this policy. Games are prohibited from being streamed if they have an Adults Only (AO) rating from the ESRB, or if they contain content that violates our community guidelines. Please see our Prohibited Games article for more information. 

Prohibited Gambling Content

We do not allow users to share links or affiliate codes to sites that contain slots, roulette, or dice games.

Furthermore, similar to our prohibited games policy, we do not allow the sites below to be streamed on Twitch, or linked to in chat. We consider many factors in determining whether a site is allowed, including whether the site includes safety protections, such as deposit limits, waiting periods, and age verification systems. We also take into account whether streamers use or encourage VPNs to evade geoblocking, and whether the site is licensed in the US or other jurisdictions that provide sufficient consumer protections.



Are free social versions of these websites allowed? 

No, we do not allow free social versions of the sites listed above.

Does this policy prohibit fantasy sports, sports betting, and poker?

No, we still permit broadcasting websites focused on fantasy sports, sports betting, and poker at this time.

Authenticity
Impersonation

Impersonation is a malicious practice that compromises trust in our service and can harm the target of impersonation. Content or activity meant to impersonate an individual or organization is prohibited, including impersonation of Twitch staff, celebrities, companies, or friends.

Spam, Scams, and Other Malicious Conduct

Spam and other deceptive practices create a negative user experience, decrease trust in our service, and mislead viewers, creators, and advertisers. Any content or activity that disrupts, interrupts, harms, or otherwise violates the integrity of Twitch services or another user’s experience or devices is prohibited. 

Suspension Evasion

Circumventing our enforcement actions undermines the integrity of our service. Any attempt to circumvent an account suspension or chat ban by using other accounts, identities, or by appearing on another user’s account will also result in an additional enforcement against your accounts, up to an indefinite suspension. Similarly, you may not use your channel to knowingly feature or advertise a suspended user.

Harmful Misinformation Actors

In order to reduce harm to our community and the public without undermining our streamers’ open dialogue with their communities, we prohibit harmful misinformation superspreaders who persistently share misinformation on or off of Twitch. We remove users whose online presence is dedicated to (1) persistently sharing (2) widely disproven and broadly shared (3) harmful misinformation topics. 

This policy is focused on Twitch users who persistently share harmful misinformation. It will not be applied to users based upon individual statements or discussions that occur on the channel. We will evaluate whether a user violates the policy by assessing both their on-platform behavior as well as their off-platform behavior. You can report these actors by sending an email to our internal investigations team with the account name and any available supporting evidence.

Content Labeling

You are expected to accurately label your content to the best of your ability. When choosing a category or tag, please choose whichever best describes your content.
